in a galaxy in this parking lot bitches
enforce fucks here we go right now star
wars force unleashed two none of that
sissy shit none of that leg oh crap none
of that I don't know what else not
nothing gay no II walks here those
little pansy little dog things this is
supposed to be awesome and here it is
this is what everyone wanted was a
little figurine of Starkiller pocket
size so you can keep them near your
crush at all times ladies and gentlemen
plug that bitch right in there and you
know what's on there I think we all know
it's on there we know what's really on
there so let's open this up because with
the collectors edition you've got the
hardened case with double the boner
right there next to starkillers face
where he likes it and it's all good you
open the metal stuff up no no no no you
don't know the problem was I wasn't
using the force oh he said it all right
there's a disk right there there's some
downloadable content and the manual
whatever there's a bunch of crap of it
nah that's all that matters now we got
fable unlock the book of mysteries all
right what's the matter boo I'll show
you what's the matter boo let's open
this book right up because there's a
little button on the side so many secret
compartments real leather real cows died
so that I'm gonna break it peanut
gallery over there alright you throw
that down and you open this up magical
up it's just the game what a ripoff
Scott oh you're right cuz there's
nothing else except oh wait there's a
secret compartment down there oh my gosh
behold down below the coin so you can
flip it what am I going to do play fable
or eat junk food probably both and then
you whip out the cards also and you're
not gonna play cards with anyone you're
going to be playing fable and you know
what else I got for reserving the Star
Wars this cool little poster right here
fuck that shit and fuck this shit right
here that's it ah forgot don't forget
about me god